---
layout: post
title: Meeting Agenda
excerpt: N/A
--- 
# Meeting Agenda (1/2)
1. Obstacles
2. Meeting Goals
3. Some clarifications
3. Executive Board
    - A Note Regarding "Power"
    - Discuss Roles
4. Teams (ie: Ministries)
5. Probationary Period

--- 

# To be discussed at future meetings:
1. Mission + Vision Statement (?) 
2. Events
3. Meeting Agendas
4. Small Group Structure + Design
5. Social Media Campaigns  
6. Other Initiatives

**Obstacles**:

What internal/organizational challenges are we facing?

- If I need help with a media project, who can I ask?
- If you have an idea for small group, who do you talk to?
    - And who has the power to "make it happen"?
    - Who can you ask for help?
- If PJ has a question regarding small group design, who should *he* ask?
   - Is Helen / MJ responsible for everything? Too much pressure.
- People are not sure of how they fit into the bigger picture.

**Goal Of The Meeting**: 

By the end of this meeting, for people to have a better idea of:
- Who is responsible for what?
- Who has which powers?
- Who should help who?
- What initiatives are in place? \* 
- What to do if you have a problem \* 
- What to do if you have a new ide\a  \* 

\* *Hopefully*

**Overall Goal**: So that everyone knows what they're in charge of, what they *can* do, and so our internal structure is strong and robust enough to handle our big ambitions.

## A Clarification:
This is my proposal on *how to begin* to organize our internal structure. We need to define roles, and assign them. I have some ideas about what the roles could be. This outline is somewhat opinionated, but it's not very restrictive, so I hope you'll give it a chance. It's also not perfect or complete, so please be gentle LOL. Any execution plan like this can get extremely detailed, but I've tried to focus on relevant stuff only.

## Further Clarification:
I'm aware of the dangers of becoming "title-crazy," or obsessed with titles. I'm not trying to create rigid, strict roles, though it may sound that way. 

    "They're more like guidelines, really." 
    - Captain Barbossa (Pirates Of The Caribbean)


To reiterate: This meeting is focused on defining "roles" and assigning them, and quickly acknowledging the other tasks that still remain, such as creating a meeting agenda, creating a small group structure, etc.

These roles not about *allowing* certain people to do something VS *disallowing* other people to do other things. It's primarily to establish who is *taking point* and leading the initiatives, projects, etc. 

# Executive Board (E-Board) Roles
---
- President
- Vice President
- Treasurer
- Secretary
- (Coordinator)
- (Administrators)

## Before We Start: A Note Regarding "Power":
People will be taking on responsibilities, so we are agreeing to grant them the powers necessary to get their job done. Trust, respect, and love, will be necessary for any such system to work, and no "power" granted is immutable. Abuse or misuse of power usually leads to bitterness and passive aggressiveness, but that's not what we're about. Hooah?

    "With great power comes great responsibility." - Uncle Ben

#### President:
- Basically: oversee everything. 
    - "Has no 'job,' because their job is to watch over everything."
- Overseeing medium- to big-picture "stuff"
- Focuses more on monthly/yearly agendas, projects, initiatives and the overall direction of the ministry.
- Helps resolve internal and external conflicts, if any
- Interfaces with PJ as necessary
- Listens to ideas for new initiatives, suggestions, programs, etc.
*Unique Passive:* Is able to prioritize one "thing" over another
*Unique Passive:* Has delegation powers for general tasks

#### Vice President:
- Handles week-to-week projects and direction of the ministry.
- Handles small- to medium-picture "stuff"
- Focuses on implementation details, logistics 
- Helps President handle workload, burden, blame, etc.
- Helps resolve internal conflicts, if any
- Goes with President to interface with PJ 

#### Treasurer:
- Monitors budget, prevents over-spending
- Analyzes project feasibility based on finances
- Is highly involved with organization of events, programs, activities
- Coordinates with VP to work on logistics

#### Secretary:
- Handles documents, documentation, where necessary
- Manages Asana (or similar), helps President coordinate and assign tasks
- Coordinates with media team regarding announcements and flow of information outward to the community
- Keeps meeting minutes

## All Executive Board Roles: 

#### Responsibilities
- Helps other e-board members perform their tasks when asked
- If requested, goes to interface with PJ

#### Powers
- Call e-board meetings (2 weeks in advance, preferably)
- Assign tasks on Asana within their scope of power (E-board related projects)

# Team Roles (TBD)
---
- Media
- Praise
- A/V (Upstairs Stuff)

## All Team Roles: 
#### Responsibilities 
- TBD

#### Powers
- Call team meetings (2 week in advance, preferably)
- Assign tasks on Asana within their scope of power (team)
- Team leader takes precedence 

# General "Requirements"
### Stuff that hopefully everyone can agree on
---

## Things To Remember
#### I'm saying this even though it's obvious.
- Be humble, be prayerful. The other people on the team are not your enemies.
- Keep criticisms and discussions constructive (PLS: criticisms should be paired with suggestions for alternatives, if possible)
- Do not micro-manage ("trust but verify" as the default philosophy)
- **Guard each other's hearts**

## Probationary Period - 2 Months (An Idea)

Purpose:
A "probationary" or "trial" period will prevent: 
- Anyone from getting stuck in a role they dislike or don't feel qualified for
- Power-hungry rampages

It will also provide:
- A window for us to provide very open feedback to each other. (None of us are professionals, that is not the expectation)
- A chance to add/subtract responsibilities/powers as necessary
- A chance, at the end of the period, to revisit role definitions, nominations, etc. 

SEE TOP FOR NEXT STEPS